Oh, Hitoka-chan. Are you done changing?
I'll walk with you, so hold on a sec.
I'm going to go change, too.
No, it's okay.
I actually think I should be walking with you, or something, or...
Don't worry about it.
What's wrong, Sensei?
Why the serious face?
Oh, well...
Apparently, the bus we were supposed to take for the away games in Tokyo
was booked by another club, so it doesn't look like we'll get it.
It looks like it's going to cost us a lot more than expected,
so I was trying to figure out what to do.
I'll try talking to a few more alumni.
I'm sure this problem'll come up again in the future.
I apologize. I'll try reaching out, as well.
Well, if all else fails, I do have some savings.
No, no, no. You need to save that for your future wedding, or something.
And don't do that with your hand!
Yachi-san!
Yachi-san, are you gonna be our manager?
Uh, um... You will, right?
Hey, first-year girl, hey!
We hope that you will join the Karasuno High School volleyball team.
Huh?
When you're around, Kiyoko-san talks a lot.
What kind of invitation is that, you idiots?!
Sorry these guys are so stupid.
No, not at all!
Um... I'm flattered.
I've never tried to do something on my own,
or had someone need me for anything...
Even in drama club, I've only been an extra.
Like Townsperson B or a tree.
A tree?
So when Shimizu-senpai worked so hard to recruit a Townsperson B,
like me, who has no experience or knowledge of volleyball,
I was really happy.
But I'm sure I'm not much—
I totally get how you feel.
Even if Kiyoko-san said,
"I'm going to steal money from you, so follow me."
I'd still follow her.
You're so manly, Ryu!
Uh, I think that's a bit different.
That sounds sorta awesome!
Looks like Tanaka's saying something again.
Oh, that reminds me...
From: Kozume Kenma Subject: None We made it through the first round. This week is round two of prelims.
Damn! Nekoma's so awesome!
I'm getting fired up!
Haikyu!!
Episode 3  Townsperson B Hitoka.
I've got to go to one more meeting, so I'm going to be home late.
Okay. See you later, Mom.
Make sure you clean up over here.
Okay.
Hm? What's this?
Karasuno High School Boys' Volleyball Club Members and Manager Seeking Members!! Please Contact Shimizu Kiyoko in Class 3-2
Oh, well...
I was invited to be a manager for the boys' volleyball team.
Volleyball?
Yeah...
Oh, I'll be right there. Just a moment.
Yes, ma'am.
Didn't Karasuno's volleyball team make it to nationals before?
It's a strong school, right?
Yes.
Apparently they're getting strong again.
The taxi's here.
Do you even know anything about volleyball?
Well, I plan on learning more about it.
That's fine and all,
but joining passionate people when you aren't going to give it your all
is the rudest thing you could do.
I'm counting on you to make breakfast tomorrow.
Oh, right...
Senpai, why did you have to say it like that?
You're so cold.
I-I didn't mean it like that!
You're probably the reason why Hitoka-chan's a bit negative, Senpai.
I just want her to be stronger!
But if she's going to give up just because of what I said,
she'll lose hope over even smaller things in the future, too.
Girls' Changing Room Club Application
Is something troubling you?
By the way, I did play sports,
but I had no prior experience with volleyball or being a manager.
I don't think everyone has to like something before giving it a try.
I don't think you need an unwavering will
or lofty motive just to get started.
Sometimes things that you start on a whim
end up becoming very important to you, too.
To get started, I think you just need a little bit of curiosity.
Hinata and Tsukishima.
Yes!
Yes.
Since you two are middle blockers,
The floor's wet. Could I get the mop?
you have to be able to use blocks as your weapon.
Yup. Where is it?
I need you to be so good at blocking, you could stop Ushiwaka.
Right around here. Thanks.
Keep that in mind for today's practice match, too.
Gotcha!
Right... There's no way we could block Ushiwaka...
All right, get back to practice.
Right!
By the way, Sensei, how are their exams?
Especially with the four idiots.
Um... Ouginishi will arrive in four and a half hours.
Right!
All right, Hitoka-chan.
Would you line up some chairs around the court there?
Let's see... Eight of them.
Uh, right!
If they're heavy, one at a time is fine.
Kiyoko-san is smiling.
I-I'm fine.
The world is at peace yet again today.
Want some help?
No, it's fine. You do your own thing.
Okay!
I'm not gonna lose today!
Um... Today's match is a practice match, right?
Yup.
Um... I was wondering why you can study so hard to play in away games
and get so fired up for a practice game.
Huh? Because I want to get stronger and win.
I-I see...
I'm sure you have your reasons.
Huh? Reasons?
Reasons why I wanna win?
Oh. Yeah...
Do you need a reason not to want to lose?
Hey, Kageyama.
Is there a reason you don't want to lose?
Wha? How would I know?
Is there a reason you want to eat when you're hungry?
Right? Hmm...
So this on the same level as hunger?
Sorry... that was an inane question.
"Inane question"?
"A foolish question, or a comment said to abase oneself after asking such a question."
We just went over it the other day!
Thank you for having us!
Gather round!
Right!
All right. We're going to line up, too.
Okay!
Whoa...
Everyone's big over there, too.
Do you need a reason not to want to lose?
I don't think you need an unwavering will
or lofty motive just to get started.
Move back a bit, Hinata.
Oh, right.
Bow!
Let's play!
Haikyu!!
So we're playing Karasuno today?
They're the, uh...
The "fallen giant" and the "flightless bird," right?
I don't think those names apply anymore.
Huh?
At the IH prelims, they played Aoba Johsai a full set
Ouginishi High School Volleyball Club
and had a deuce with them until their scores got into the 30s.
Seriously?!
Oh, but they do have Nishinoya from Chidoriyama
and Kageyama from Kitagawa Daiichi, right?
They do, but...
Senpai?
Their #10, especially...
Karasuno's center is a first-year with impressive physical abililty.
Sometimes, his presence changes the game to an astonishing extent.
It appears that Karasuno's transforming.
Thank you for coming so far!
Nice kill!
We're gonna start soon, so get changed!
Right.
Hinata, that's backwards.
Like Jamila.
Sorry, you'll have to get used to this.
Asahi-san, that string in your hair is awesome!
String?
It's a hairband.
Well, I guess I feel confident if you say that, Nishinoya.
Straighten up!
Trying to change your image, Asahi-san?
No, the other day...
What is it, Shimizu?
Azumane, you hair braid is so tight it makes me think you'll go bald.
That's why...
I need to be careful, too.
There are some hot bald guys, though.
I'm not bald!
Aren't you going to get into your uniform, Tanaka-san?
I'm about to!
A flock of birds... A flock... True, they are crows.
But once the game starts, they actually get along great.
Gather round!
This is our first match with another team since the Inter-High prelims.
You haven't forgotten your frustrations from then, have you?
Right!
All right, go out there and raise some hell!
Karasuno, fight!
Yeah!
Here we go!
Have we played this team before?
No, we haven't.
Come on, bring it!
Get a point!
Yeah!
Nice serve, Kageyama!
Ouginishi      Karasuno Thanks!
Wait, did they just score a point?
One more!
Hitoka-chan, the score.
Oh, r-right.
Cover! Cover!
#8! #8!
Only one blocker... Go!
Ouginishi Karasuno Nice, Nishinoya!
Hey, don't run!
What amazing reflexes... Kageyama!
Right!
Karasuno All right!
It looked like their arms would be torn off if they touched the ball.
Asahi-san, nice kill!
Nice receive, Daichi-san!
They're really calm.... Left!
Ouginishi    Karasuno All right!
Wow, that's so loud...
Isn't it, though?
But once their attention is taken away by the two powerhouses,
they lose sight of the small crow.
I can fly!
Ouginishi Karasuno If they're one step too late,
they can't catch up to him.
Not yet! More!
I can hit higher than that!
Yeah.
He's still not satisfied.
All right!
Thank you very much!
Karasuno Ouginishi Amazing! That was amazing!
I'm only watching, and yet, I, I...
Did you feel overwhelmed?!
Yeah, I did!
Then be our manager!
Huh? Um, uh...
His conversations usually don't make any sense.
Do it, Yachi-san!
Joining passionate people when you aren't going to give it your all
is the rudest thing you could do.
For an amazing team like this,
a Townsperson B like me with no knowledge of sports
is just going to get in the way.
Come to think of it, I played Townsperson B, too.
Huh?
But I tried to stand out more than the lead and I got in trouble.
Townsperson B... Ha.
Hey, don't make fun of me, you jerk!
Townsperson B has its own kind of awesomeness!
I see.
Then what kind of role did you play, Kageyama?
The moon.
Is that even needed?
Damn, that's cool!
"Townsperson B has its own kind of awesomeness."
I've played a horse before.
A horse?!
Man, you're a lifesaver!
Yachi-san, thanks for helping us study on a Saturday!
Thanks.
Sure. Let's do our best on the exam.
Oh, thanks for having us.
No problem. Was she a good teacher?
Yeah!
I'm gonna ace that exam for sure now! I think!
You think?
Or rather, I won't let Yachi-san's kindness go to waste!
Kindness... "To have a caring heart."
"A term used to express a caring attitude one has for another."
Oh, the definition of the word we studied earlier.
I see. Good luck on your exam.
Thanks!
Let's go to Tokyo together, Yachi-san!
Huh? R-Right...
I haven't even explained anything to my mom yet!
See you next week!
B-Bye-bye...
Hitoka, what's this about away games in Tokyo?
W-Well, um, uh... Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. Let's go.
All right, I'm heading to a meeting.
I'll be back late again tonight.
Oh, right.
Okay, let's go.
Huh? Uh, wait, Senpai.
Weren't you trying to say something, Hitoka-chan?
Are you okay?
No, it's nothing.
Go ahead.
Okay... See you later.
Yup.
Come on, Senpai...
Yachi-san's notes are so awesome!
Notes should always be like this.
If Yachi-san joins, we'll have two managers.
We totally sound like a champion school.
Yeah.
What? You don't want her to join?
That's totally up to her.
You never agree with anything.
You're not very popular, are you?
Mind your own business!
Oh, crap! I forgot my textbook at Yachi-san's house!
I'm gonna go back and get it.
See ya, Kageyama!
Here.
Comprehensive Japanese
Thanks, Yachi-san!
That was close!
I'm glad I realized it.
U-Um, Hinata-san... Do you have a sec?
Sure.
Huh?
You're not sure you want to join over something like that?
I've hit Kageyama in the back of the head with a serve,
thrown up on Tanaka-san's lap,
and accidentally knocked the vice principal's toupee off,
but I'm still playing volleyball just fine!
Would you really say you were fine, then?
But you want to do this, right, Yachi-san?
Y-Yes...
Then you totally should!
Right.
Is what your mom said bothering you?
Uh, um, no... It's just that, um...
Then why don't you tell her?
She went to the station, right?
Y-Yeah... What is this?!
I feel like I'm in some shojo manga!
Wow, he's fast! He runs so fast!
Wait...
Yachi-san, at this rate, you can't move forward.
If you want to do this, you need to tell her.
Whether I want to join the volleyball club or not,
at this rate, I'll never be able to change from my worthless self.
I have to say it with my own mouth.
Yeah... I have to say it.
Thanks, Hinata.
Subway Platforms
You weren't strong to begin with either, were you, Senpai?
You can't expect the same strength from Hitoka-chan.
Hitoka-chan's just starting to get stronger.
Mom!
Hitoka?!
Townsperson B can fight, too!
Huh?!
Townsperson B?
I'm going to be the volleyball club manager!
I-I see... Do your best.
I will!
What do you want to do for dinner?!
I-I'll eat at home.
Roger!
All right! Two managers!
We're like champions!
Um, I have a favor to ask you and Kageyama-kun...
What?
You're crying?!
Shut up. Give me a tissue.
Pardon me.
Takeda-sensei.
Yes?
Um, I overheard that we might not have enough money for the away games...
May I talk to you about that?
How He Lives Beggars Belief, Constantly Nicking Old Foreign Necklaces.
Nathan Magee Always Sits Patiently, Seeing Clearly Around,
Knowing Careless Security Titillates Very Criminal Minds.
"Experience." E-Experience...
That won't do at all.
Mom!
I wouldn't even notice it at all.
What do you want to show?
Who is your target audience?
How will you catch the attention of people walking by?
Truly, the Little Giant!
I have a favor to ask you and Kageyama-kun...
I want to make a poster for the volleyball club,
so would you let me take a picture of you spiking a ball?
Okay, here we go.
Alright.
Here we go, Kageyama.
Yeah.
The Crows Head Back Into The National Skies
The Little Giant Returns
The Karasuno High School Volleyball Club is Requesting Donations.
Wow...
We're done!
How'd you do?
All right, please pass your exams forward.
1st Period: Modern Literature 2nd Period: English 3rd Period: Math
Faculty Room Oh, Takeda-sensei.
Someone's on the phone saying they saw a poster,
and they'd like to know where to donate the money for the volleyball club...
It's hot... It's just for a little while.
Come on. You, too, Tsukishima.
Come here! Line up.
So, we've finished our exams, and starting today,
Yachi-san will officially be joining us as our manager.
Here.
Karasuno High School Volleyball Club
Ready, and...
Welcome to the Karasuno High School Volleyball Club!
It's a pleasure to work with you!
All right. The Tokyo away games are coming up.
All that's left is...
All right, I'm returning the exams.
Aww... Shut it.
All right, Ando... Yes.
Next, Enokira.
Yes.
Oyama.
The exams are finally coming back.
Yeah... It'll be fine! You studied so hard!
Huh? Did I even write my name on it?!
What? That'd be a problem before the exam even started!
Episode 4: Center Ace
Next time on Haikyu!!: "Center Ace."